[MUSIC]
Hi, I'm Lysander from the open
source team at hugging face.
At hugging face, We specialize in
democratizing machine learning.
We want to make machine learning
as accessible as possible.
And we firmly believe the only way to
do so, is to throw open source and
open science.
We develop and create tools that centers
on the machine learning community.
Tools like the transformers
library which supports dozens
of transformer architectures.
That can be easily used in any
natural language processing,
computer vision or speech project.
Tools like the datasets
library to easily download and
pre process more than
a 1000 different data sets.
And tools like accelerate tokenizer and
others to simplify machine learning.
From data handling to modeling,
training and post processing.
These tools make up
the hugging face ecosystem,
an ecosystem connected
by the hugging face hub.
A platform to collaborate on machine
learning models and datasets.
Before you get started with
this lab by deployment,
okay, let me introduce you to the hub
which will leverage in the next videos.
The model hub is host to more than
15,000 community contributed models,
and it offers a way to select
a model according to a task.
A library,
trained on a specific data set on
a specific language with a given license.
Models can be from the hugging
face transformers library but
they're not limited to it.
And the library can easily add hops
support, and some like Spacey or Allen,
NLP among others already do.
Furthermore, we offer tools
to push your own model and
waits with no requirements on the library.
Models can be further described
by their model cards.
And other members of the community,
may play with the model using
the hosted inference API.
The dataset hub is
similar to the model hub
hosting thousands of data sets here too.
Mostly community contributed, these
data sets can then be selected by task,
language, number of examples and licenses.
These data sets off for
a comprehensive data set card explaining
how the data set was designed.
Where the data came from and
considerations when using the data,
both in terms of social impact and biases.
Additionally, it offers a quick
link to models fine tuned or
trained on these data sets.
We're very excited to partner with
deploying data on discourse focused on
transformers.
In the upcoming labs,
you'll get a chance to practice using
some of the hugging face tools.
Like transformers, data sets and
the hugging face hub to find
you in a pre trained model.
Have fun and looking forward to
seeing your fine tune models.